Rework nrf91 LwM2M reconnection and boostrap logic (#7026)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Updated the library to store credentials and server settings permanently on bootstrap.

  * * :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample:

>     * Reworked the retry logic so we are able to back off to bootstrap and we don't always restart the LTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Reworked the retry logic so that the sample can fall back to bootstrap and need not always restart the LTE connection.
```

Author: Hi Uma, this proposal changes the meaning a bit.
Falling back to bootstrap is one recovery method that it does not.
Another recovery is that we restart just the client, without restarting the LTE as well. So there two things are separate.

    * During the connection process, shadow data is sent to the application even if no "config" section is present.
    * The application can now send shadow updates earlier in the connection process.
    * Centralized error handling.

>       Changes to error return values.

Reviewer: These entries shouldn't be deleted.
